Add section on add-on store to the Quick Start Guide in the User Guide (#16553)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

Available add-ons are listed alphabetically in a grid.
To browse the list and find out about a specific add-on:
1. Use the `arrow keys` or press the first letter of an add-on name to move around the list.
1. Press `tab` once to move to a description of the currently selected add-on.
1. Use the [reading keys](#ReadingText) or `arrow keys` to read the full description.
1. Press `tab` to the "Actions" button, which can be used to install the add-on, among other actions.
1. Press `tab` to "Other Details", which lists details such as the publisher, version and homepage.
1. To return to the list of add-ons, press `alt+a`, or `shift+tab` back to the "Available add-ons" list.

#### Searching for add-ons {#SearchingForAddons}
As well as browsing all available add-ons, it is possible to filter the add-ons shown.
To search, press `alt+s` to jump to the "search" field and type the text to search for.
The search field can contain information including the add-on ID, display name, publisher, author or description.
The list changes while typing the search terms.
Once done, press `tab` to go to the filtered list of add-ons and browse the results.

> +++ Installing add-ons +++[InstallingAddons]

Author: ```suggestion
+++ Installing add-ons +++[InstallingAddons]
#### Installing add-ons {#InstallingAddons}
```

> +++ Installing add-ons +++[InstallingAddons]

Author: ```suggestion
#### Installing add-ons {#InstallingAddons}

```

1. Use the `arrow keys` or press the first letter of an add-on name to move around the list.
1. Press `tab` once to move to a description of the currently selected add-on.
1. Use the [reading keys](#ReadingText) or `arrow keys` to read the full description.
1. Press `tab` to the "Actions" button, which can be used to install the add-on, among other actions.
1. Press `tab` to "Other Details", which lists details such as the publisher, version and homepage.
1. To return to the list of add-ons, press `alt+a`, or `shift+tab` back to the "Available add-ons" list.

#### Searching for add-ons {#SearchingForAddons}
As well as browsing all available add-ons, it is possible to filter the add-ons shown.
To search, press `alt+s` to jump to the "search" field and type the text to search for.
The search field can contain information including the add-on ID, display name, publisher, author or description.
The list changes while typing the search terms.
Once done, press `tab` to go to the filtered list of add-ons and browse the results.

#### Installing add-ons {#InstallingAddons}

To install an add-on:
1. With the focus on an add-on you would like to install, press `enter`.

> 1. The actions menu opens with a list of actions including: "Install", "Home page", "License", "Source code", "Community reviews".

Author: How about changing to simply:
```suggestion
1. The actions menu opens with a list of actions; the first action is "Install".

```

1. To install the add-on, press `i` or `down arrow` to "install" and press `enter`.
1. The focus returns to the add-on in the list and NVDA will read the details about the add-on.
1. The "Status" information reported by NVDA changes from "Available" to "Downloading".
1. Once the add-on has finished downloading, it will change to "Downloaded. Pending install".
1. Repeat with any other add-ons you would like to install at the same time.

> 1. Once finished, press `tab` until the focus is on the "Close" button, then press `enter`.
> 1. A dialog appears advising that changes were made, and you must restart NVDA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once finished, press `tab` until the focus is on the "Close" button, then press `enter`.
1. The downloaded add-ons will start the installation process once the Add-on Store is closed.
Add-ons may create dialogs during the installation process that you will need to respond to.
1. When the add-ons have been installed, a dialog appears advising that changes were made, and you must restart NVDA for the add-on installation to complete.
```

1. Press `enter` to restart NVDA.

#### Managing installed add-ons {#ManagingInstalledAddons}
Press `control+tab` to move between the tabs or sections of the Add-on Store.
The tabs include: "Installed add-ons", "Updatable add-ons", "Available add-ons" and "Installed incompatible add-ons".
Each of the tabs are set out similar to each other, as a list of add-ons, a panel for more details on the selected add-on, and the ability to perform actions for the add-on.

> The actions menu of installed add-ons includes "Disable", and "Remove" rather than "Install".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The actions menu of installed add-ons includes "Disable" and "Remove" rather than "Install".
```

Disabling an add-on stops NVDA from loading it, but leaves it installed.
To re-enable a disabled add-on, activate "Enable" from the actions menu.

> After enabling, disabling, or removing add-ons, NVDA will prompt to restart when closing the add-on store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After enabling, disabling, or removing add-ons, you will be prompted to restart NVDA when closing the Add-on Store.
```

Note that in this dialog `escape` works the same as the close button.

> Any changes you had made in the dialog have already happened, but they don't take effect until NVDA restarts.

Reviewer: I find this sentence a little confusing - even though I was the one who suggested something like this in the first place.

```suggestion
Any changes you had made to add-ons such as disabling or removing them cannot be undone until NVDA restarts.
```

Author: Perhaps we could just simplify it to:
```suggestion
NVDA must be restarted before changes such as removing or disabling add-ons take effect.

```

Reviewer: I think that should be covered by the previous sentence?

Author: After enabling, disabling, or removing add-ons, NVDA will prompt to restart when closing the add-on store.
Note that in this dialog `escape` works the same as the close button.
NVDA must be restarted before changes such as removing or disabling add-ons take effect.

Ok perhaps:

```suggestion
Any changes such as removing or disabling add-ons take effect after restarting

```

### Updating add-ons {#UpdatingAddons}
When there is an update to an add-on you have installed, it will be listed in the "Updatable add-ons" tab.

> Press `control+tab` to get to this tab from anywhere in the add-on store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Press `control+tab` to get to this tab from anywhere in the Add-on Store.
```

1. Once finished, press `tab` until the focus is on the "Close" button, then press `enter`.
1. The downloaded add-ons will start the installation process once the Add-on Store is closed.
Add-ons may create dialogs during the installation process that you will need to respond to.
1. When the add-ons have been installed, a dialog appears advising that changes were made, and you must restart NVDA for the add-on installation to complete.
1. Press `enter` to restart NVDA.

#### Managing installed add-ons {#ManagingInstalledAddons}
Press `control+tab` to move between the tabs or sections of the Add-on Store.
The tabs include: "Installed add-ons", "Updatable add-ons", "Available add-ons" and "Installed incompatible add-ons".
Each of the tabs are set out similar to each other, as a list of add-ons, a panel for more details on the selected add-on, and the ability to perform actions for the add-on.
The actions menu of installed add-ons includes "Disable" and "Remove" rather than "Install".
Disabling an add-on stops NVDA from loading it, but leaves it installed.
To re-enable a disabled add-on, activate "Enable" from the actions menu.

> After enabling, disabling, or removing add-ons, you will be prompted to restart NVDA when closing the Add-on Store.
> Note that in this dialog `escape` works the same as the close button.
> Any changes you had made in the dialog have already happened, but they don't take effect until NVDA restarts.

Reviewer 2: I guess we should remove the sentence regarding the Escape key/close button. Or at least put it elsewhere to avoid separating two related sentences.

```suggestion
After enabling, disabling, or removing add-ons, you will be prompted to restart NVDA when closing the Add-on Store.
These changes will only take effect once NVDA is restarted.
```

Author: Perhaps swapping the original lines 343 and 344 rather than removing the note on escape?  I included it because the dialog does behave differently to many others where escape cancels changes.

Note also the proposed change to the wording of line 344 [in this comment](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/pull/16553#discussion_r1606398621) although that wouldn't change your point.

Reviewer 2: OK to keep the note on `Escape`.
So:

```suggestion
After enabling, disabling, or removing add-ons, you will be prompted to restart NVDA when closing the Add-on Store.
These changes will only take effect once NVDA is restarted.
Note that in this dialog escape works the same as the close button.
```

Re your suggestion in https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/pull/16553#discussion_r1606398621, I prefer the simpler wording that I have suggested. If the two related lines follow each other, there is no need to repeat the example of actions twice.

The actions menu of installed add-ons includes "Disable" and "Remove" rather than "Install".
Disabling an add-on stops NVDA from loading it, but leaves it installed.
To re-enable a disabled add-on, activate "Enable" from the actions menu.
After enabling, disabling, or removing add-ons, you will be prompted to restart NVDA when closing the Add-on Store.
These changes will only take effect once NVDA is restarted.

> Note that in this dialog escape works the same as the close button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in this dialog `escape` works the same as the close button.
```
